Loosen certificate profile (#71)
peppelinux/draft-demarco-acme-openid-federation: draft-demarco-acme-openid-federation.md

### CSR and Certificate Requirements

When using this challenge type, both the certificate signing request (CSR)
and the X.509 Certificate MUST include a public key corresponding to
the key used to satisfy the challenge.

> Depending on the Certificate Issuer's X.509 certificate profile, the CSR and
> X.509 Certificate MAY associate the certificate to the Federation Entity by
> including a Subject Alternative Name value corresponding to an `otherName` with
> a `type-id` of `id-on-OpenIdFederationEntityId`, containing an Octet String
> value corresponding to a UTF-8 encoding of the Entity ID in the
> `openid-federation` identifier in the `newOrder` request.

Reviewer: nit while we're here: this is a really long sentence.  Maybe we just split it a little bit?

```suggestion
Depending on the Certificate Issuer's X.509 certificate profile, the CSR and
X.509 Certificate MAY associate the certificate to the Federation Entity.  To do
that, the Issuer includes a Subject Alternative Name value corresponding to an 
`otherName` with a `type-id` of `id-on-OpenIdFederationEntityId`, containing 
an Octet String value corresponding to a UTF-8 encoding of the Entity ID in the
`openid-federation` identifier in the `newOrder` request.
```
Or not, is fine either way.

Author: I did some further wordsmithing

### CSR and Certificate Requirements

When using this challenge type, both the certificate signing request (CSR)
and the X.509 Certificate MUST include a public key corresponding to
the key used to satisfy the challenge.

> Depending on the Certificate Issuer's X.509 certificate profile, the CSR and
> X.509 Certificate MAY associate the certificate to the Federation Entity by
> including the Entity ID in the certificate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the Certificate Issuer's X.509 Certificate profile, the CSR and
X.509 Certificate MAY associate the X.509 Certificate to the Federation Entity by
including the Entity ID in the X.509 Certificate.
```
